feat: migrate tag recipes to the new structure & format (#115)
posit-dev/connect-cookbook: 06-content-organization/03-creating-tags/index.qmd

```{.python}
>>> pl.DataFrame(response.json())
shape: (1, 5)
┌─────┬─────────────┬───────────┬──────────────────────┬──────────────────────┐
│ id  ┆ name        ┆ parent_id ┆ created_time         ┆ updated_time         │
│ --- ┆ ---         ┆ ---       ┆ ---                  ┆ ---                  │
│ str ┆ str         ┆ null      ┆ str                  ┆ str                  │
╞═════╪═════════════╪═══════════╪══════════════════════╪══════════════════════╡
│ 100 ┆ Departments ┆ null      ┆ 2024-06-20T14:25:20Z ┆ 2024-06-20T14:25:20Z │
└─────┴─────────────┴───────────┴──────────────────────┴──────────────────────┘
```

## R

```{.r}
library(connectapi)
client <- connect()

create_tag(client, "Departments")

```

The function does not return any output. To view the created tag, get the tags from the Connect server.

```{.r}
> tags <- get_tags(client)
> depts_tag <- tags$Departments
> depts_tag
Posit Connect Tag Tree (filtered)
└── Departments
```

:::

## Discussion

Tags on Connect can be nested arbitrarily deep. When creating a tag, you can specify a parent to add the new tag underneath it in the hierarchy.

::: {.panel-tabset group="language"}

## Python

> Specify the parent tag with its will need the identifier. See [Viewing Tag Information](../01-viewing-tag-information/index.qmd) for details.

Reviewer: Some grammar issues here. Not sure what it should say.

Author: I'll fix it!

Author: ```suggestion
Specify the parent tag with its `id`. See [Viewing Tag Information](../01-viewing-tag-information/index.qmd) for details.
```
